you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey there its Lucky
Penny shop and this is the mystery face
game guess who this is the ninety wait a
minute wait a minute I'm on the say
ninety six that's why I remember reading
on the instructions not on the box I'll
let me cheat pretend like I'm starting
the video over and there it is yes
96 version Milton Bradley well you've
seen the cover on this we just take you
around the box now this one's a little
pressed then this one is gonna be for
sale there's a little spot there sides
are really nice though didn't notice any
rip corners there's a little where their
sides are nice here Milton Bradley this
is game number 4,800 let's pull this off
there's 24 cards they're all in check
eight rubber feet which are in check
three extra little white doors so let me
just show you the faces on the cards we
have elfrid and Eric anita bernard paul
franz Alex hey Alex
max Philip Maria Charles hey Charles man
look at those eyeballs Robert he's
looking happy like Who am I just ate a
piece of cake and no one knows this is
David mmm me like good things and this
is Bill holy cow that thing is amazing
and that says Richard oh yeah so I live
in the upper east coast here in this
game is terrible and this is Peter hey
fellas look at me I'm Peter I got white
hair and this is Joe I'm Joe and I
happen to be a very astute person and
this is Sam hey guys what are you doing
what do you think we're gonna go and
then this is Susan hey fellas you look
so special and this is Herman and this
is George and this is Tom and this is
Claire so there you go
it has the instructions the object of
guess to guess your opponent's mystery
person before your opponent guesses
yours all the pieces are here peel the
rubber feet and the instructions and the
cards yes it's a complete guess who
guess who so let's just flip open one of
the game boards I like to do this kind
of show you the different characters now
you just saw them all so we don't have
to review them all but it's just showing
you that the game boards are really nice
on this one push it all back let's flip
this the little score keepers are there
on both boards which is important
sometimes you see those missing so if
you're shopping for this game sometimes
those are broken off or not there so
there's the both boards what's going on
back here oh it is kind of funny
sometimes trying to open these so
there's both sets I showed you the cards
the box cover it's guess who from 1996
does your person have blue eyes yes all
right we'll catch you later
at Lucky Penny shop thanks for watching
our eBay product video and always
remember if you see a Lucky Penny
pick it up